Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Galaxy J2: Oh my, you say you
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Hi, how you doing us a favor.
Galaxy J2: Can you see me.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, I see you
Guys.
Magalie Marcellus: Can you see me.
Galaxy J2: On all right. No one wants to hear me complain
Galaxy J2: So,
Galaxy J2: This virus says, put a hold on me I posed to get that 32nd after going through all the free up
Galaxy J2: But I'll have to go up again. Cuz I barely passed it. I'm kind of high risk on my heart problems and
Galaxy J2: My long
Galaxy J2: My eight
Galaxy J2: No.
Magalie Marcellus: So you still haven't had done.
Galaxy J2: To surgery. I just heard today.
Galaxy J2: They're going to start doing non emergency surgery here in Toledo, so I'll get a call. Pretty soon.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so hopefully early May.
Galaxy J2: Yeah, hopefully this month yet.
Magalie Marcellus: I've been trying to get here.
Magalie Marcellus: For five years. That's why I'm surprised.
Magalie Marcellus: Spotted
Galaxy J2: You very much.
Galaxy J2: And complaining, it's only gotten worse.
Galaxy J2: Bathroom
Sometimes
Galaxy J2: After I sleep on the couch for the last year.
Galaxy J2: Was I can't sleep laying down
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Galaxy J2: And I got your son that I have to get back and my coast me
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so how's that going are you guys communicating
Galaxy J2: But
Magalie Marcellus: Are you communicating with him. I know the last time we spoke, we
Galaxy J2: Talked to him since. Chris
Magalie Marcellus: Still
Galaxy J2: Just chopped liver or not. I talked to my wife, who died.
Galaxy J2: Her ex husband.
Galaxy J2: A lot and
Galaxy J2: Robin's older kids are in their 20s.
Galaxy J2: Mm hmm. They, they talk to Bronson, a lot. And when they get them on weekends.
Galaxy J2: Take them to the movies or they take them fishing or
Galaxy J2: This take where they take them last time.
Galaxy J2: Monster Truck show last week.
Galaxy J2: And
Galaxy J2: And he calls me from their phone.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so when he's an
Example,
Galaxy J2: Yeah, when it shouldn't be this way. They don't agree with it all because of a text that she brought just the SP. I just found out her and her boyfriend. She said, for a long time. Just on that last night.
Galaxy J2: It. She booted HIM OUT ALREADY GOT ANOTHER GUY moved in and they're getting married a month.
Galaxy J2: Just found out tonight. I hope he's a decent guy and I left word for Tom Robbins ex husband.
Galaxy J2: Was with him 12 years they had three kids together when I met her, she had just been divorced. Me too.
Galaxy J2: And I was engaged to get married to her girlfriend.
Galaxy J2: But her girlfriend was going in.
Galaxy J2: To a detox here and Bowling Green.
Galaxy J2: To get off our heroine. She's been on it since 79
Galaxy J2: I've been chasing this girl for
Galaxy J2: Four years.
Galaxy J2: And Robin went through detox with her after her divorce.
Galaxy J2: Was out of the house.
Galaxy J2: Her ex husband got the house and the kids.
Galaxy J2: And for three months when we dropped Renee off at is called Devon lock and as a three month program.
Galaxy J2: He told Robin, keep an eye on day for me and I had a load of fish.
Galaxy J2: On the trucks that we loaded that morning, or New York City.
Magalie Marcellus: By Martin.
Galaxy J2: He says, Can I go with you.
Galaxy J2: I'm bald fish, most of my life since 78 and the Brooklyn Manhattan, New York, it's a family business. My uncle started back in the 50s.
Galaxy J2: Versus just corn fed card for Jewish mark. Anyway, she loved it. We become best friends. It was a sad day when I dropped her off and neighbors getting out but within a month or so. Renee was us. And again, money was missing.
Galaxy J2: And I caught her when the guy her daughter's
Galaxy J2: Told me. I got hurt at work and her daughters told me that she had left with this Jerry guy and I said the guide is she was gone with two years ago per week.
Galaxy J2: Yeah, that guy.
Galaxy J2: Her daughter's Victoria and Elizabeth were 12 and nine. They really liked me and they was helping me and Robin make it. And when I put i don't know what son me to this park I pawned her with the sky and only seen him when I walked up
Galaxy J2: I saw Miss pants down a little bit and she and there's a syringe on
Galaxy J2: On the seat Jetta crack pipe in her hand. I felt like I wanted to rip that truck apart and propel strong enough where I could flip it over.
Galaxy J2: Was I said to her, I said, you know what
Galaxy J2: Guys to stop me.
Galaxy J2: As you go home, or you go back to where your kids are
Galaxy J2: Which is her other ex husband, they're doing laundry over there.
Galaxy J2: And and tell them why I'm packing your bags. I've had enough. Renee.
Galaxy J2: Three years I were planning on getting married. Almost four and I'll be done as same hour I was stopped to get gas.
Galaxy J2: And I'm seeing Robin oh three months. It was a sad day when we had to break we're best friend. She, she was in that truck with me.
Galaxy J2: Never once gotten asleep for it. I always told her why you want to see what we're going to hit but know which is a good co driver always stayed awake kept me awake.
Galaxy J2: And I guess she fell in love with me, and she missed me a lot, and I was getting gas and I use a credit card and she ran out of this gas station here in Toledo.
Galaxy J2: Then
Galaxy J2: Like 10 minutes after I caught, Renee. And I told her what happened. She was, you know, what I want to quit this job right now, these all these guys I work with
Galaxy J2: Trying to, you know, take her out and all that and she couldn't job that day and we stayed together, almost six years.
Galaxy J2: That's how
Galaxy J2: That happened so I'm sorry to be carrying on too long about that.
Galaxy J2: Was a lot
Galaxy J2: On over a year now.
Mm hmm.
Galaxy J2: Beautiful child we had together. He wants his dad and
Galaxy J2: I'm gonna, I gotta move out of here and I hear, I might be getting extra money from this
Galaxy J2: Stimulus.
Magalie Marcellus: Stimulus check. Yeah, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, people
Galaxy J2: Go online that I
Galaxy J2: Am I still going to get it.
Magalie Marcellus: You supposed to still be eligible fine.
Galaxy J2: Yeah.
Galaxy J2: I heard
Galaxy J2: I'm again and I just had to refile or retirement, they
Galaxy J2: In a prior knowledge going on.
Galaxy J2: My mail was going to my step daughter.
Galaxy J2: Appointment
Galaxy J2: Okay, but
Magalie Marcellus: So you're supposed to start with.
Galaxy J2: A
Galaxy J2: Yeah, we'll start right retirement. When I turned 62 in September, so
Galaxy J2: Guys check
Galaxy J2: back pay
Galaxy J2: On one debit card.
Galaxy J2: And I got another check for my normal size of 783
Galaxy J2: Mm hmm. Now, my son now gets 400 a month. Plus, he gets
Galaxy J2: To something from his mother and
Magalie Marcellus: So happens benefit.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Galaxy J2: Here's
Magalie Marcellus: Why
I tried
Galaxy J2: Maggie,
Magalie Marcellus: I tried
Galaxy J2: This Uh huh.
Galaxy J2: Huh, yeah. And I told her I got some good news, can't we meet
Galaxy J2: Over here at my house.
Galaxy J2: Or her house and she has no let's meet at McDonald's.
Galaxy J2: And then she says, What's this all about Dave something to do is so security is nothing wrong if it's good news. Jesus. Wow. Just call myself and hung up.
Galaxy J2: And I didn't get see my sign since since Christmas or jobs.
Magalie Marcellus: Like I said, I go
Magalie Marcellus: Up case is that open case with them child protection or anything like that.
Galaxy J2: Was CSP.
Galaxy J2: Yeah, I talked to Laura today even she's got that.
Galaxy J2: My backgrounds. Not good.
Magalie Marcellus: But
Galaxy J2: Over the last 15 years I probably used only a year of them 15 years
Galaxy J2: No alcohol.
Galaxy J2: Bills or whatever.
Galaxy J2: The box or 10 years
Galaxy J2: And that's a lifesaver for me because I've got a lot of busted things and
Galaxy J2: booze and plates in my head and knee operations and shoulder operations. And now I gotta get a hit live at least some motorcycle. Same thing to kill my 26 year old son.
Galaxy J2: Six years ago me
Galaxy J2: He was killed his wife live or time. You ever go on that bike and he was showing off. It was a fast bike, you can buy
Galaxy J2: When he he bought that in April and he can pull in the driveway.
Galaxy J2: It's like I've seen the darkness around them and that week he come to see me my vendor day got killed.
Galaxy J2: I didn't find out he was dead for two days are buyers looking for me.
Galaxy J2: When I when I heard it. I just went to my knees.
Galaxy J2: Mind. Come pick me up and
Galaxy J2: Yeah, he may say he was doing like 150 miles an hour. Well,
Galaxy J2: Sure, I've talked enough
Galaxy J2: I appreciate everything just dashing Jamison above Mr Ryan are on my urine screen. Today I'm telling you the truth, I don't know what that M et means, but I've never in my life done crystal meth.
Galaxy J2: Ever
Magalie Marcellus: So what what what are they telling you
Galaxy J2: Well, are you seeing my shelf that it's on their me G, and I called Google and they said it was methamphetamine.
Galaxy J2: And
Galaxy J2: Are you taking new medication.
Magalie Marcellus: I you
Galaxy J2: Get 567 different medications, maybe I'm showing that
Magalie Marcellus: Is it something new that you take in is that some is showing on your test.
Galaxy J2: Yes, first time.
Galaxy J2: Add a Row. I have to confess I did one of them.
Galaxy J2: Someone's out of his for ABH
Galaxy J2: Do this to wake you up, they
Galaxy J2: Typically have to work.
Galaxy J2: On my pickup. Get it out of the backyard because of the landlord was complaining and I had had two flat tires and I can barely walk and I got out of the yard and that was like it was 10 days to go and show showed up in there but
Magalie Marcellus: When did you take the UN was that today.
Galaxy J2: Yeah today and I talked to Jamie about it.
Galaxy J2: She said, don't worry about it, Dave.
Galaxy J2: I just show I saved this sample because I'd like to send it in, because I never ever touched crystal meth.
Galaxy J2: ever in my life.
Galaxy J2: You know, we're on my kids like
Galaxy J2: I got four kids, and I would never do that. I mean by via Gioia but I don't know how that showed up. Maybe. Maybe. I don't mean crystal meth.
Galaxy J2: But as long as he
Magalie Marcellus: Me to
Galaxy J2: You know what I mean.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm not, I'm not familiar with that aqua know so again if Jamie said, look, you know, that's why I'm sure they'll look
Galaxy J2: Don't worry about a day. You're not no problem at all.
Galaxy J2: I said it could be some of the other dogs. I'm taking I'm taking
Galaxy J2: Six other dogs.
Galaxy J2: My have some of that and I started a new one.
Galaxy J2: And maybe they have some do, is I'm taking
Galaxy J2: But as a patent.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Galaxy J2: Karma da
Galaxy J2: Mo, Queen of Zola
Galaxy J2: So my belt. I hate waking up morning and film my son fils joins us. He's my blood pressure down
Galaxy J2: I finally got my blood pressure words.
Galaxy J2: Normal and below, and it's never been like that.
Galaxy J2: Well, no pill helped me up until I went into the hospital for
Galaxy J2: Four weeks.
Galaxy J2: Just it all different kinds of medicine until I got it right. And I've been taken them name least four of them every morning.
Galaxy J2: And whenever I check my own but pressure. I have my own machine. So each one if gene over 75 or 125 over 85 and that's that's awesome for me because I was at times to
Galaxy J2: Believe it.
Galaxy J2: And I'm going Rite Aid.
Galaxy J2: I tell the promises to come over and look at it.
Galaxy J2: And he was want to call amla's for me.
Galaxy J2: It was
Galaxy J2: I had a good right I was eating Klondike like candy and I can't seem to get off of them.
Galaxy J2: Bar. Our acts that are Jamison
Galaxy J2: Yeah, which script.
Magalie Marcellus: That have
Galaxy J2: That was I wrong.
Galaxy J2: So yeah, once I run out after being on since oh nine.
Galaxy J2: I go haywire.
Galaxy J2: My blood pressure goes through withdraw of them.
Galaxy J2: Tomorrow,
Magalie Marcellus: Is
Magalie Marcellus: Tuesday.
Galaxy J2: I think she goes to her July 20 I got a meeting with her.
Galaxy J2: She gave me my grip.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Galaxy J2: So I'm like, am I able to call her to my own job.
Or leave her a message.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah I would call the virtual clinic and see whether it should be available at any time, any other time. Besides, the time is
Galaxy J2: Danielle.
Magalie Marcellus: Danielle.
Magalie Marcellus: And know but I typically don't work closely with them so
Galaxy J2: Is she on your case about the
Galaxy J2: Griffin.
Galaxy J2: Punch. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy J2: Loud. She's like a
Galaxy J2: Nurse practitioners
Magalie Marcellus: Okay cuz they know they have some
Magalie Marcellus: I and as well as helping with the care coordination, so she may be the one
Magalie Marcellus: And then you did so.
Galaxy J2: You're, you're at
Magalie Marcellus: Night. Yeah, yeah, I'm in Florida, but it's just
Break right
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Galaxy J2: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Taking care of yourself with the outbreak.
Galaxy J2: Was with the word
Magalie Marcellus: With the virus going on, how, how you taking care of yourself.
Galaxy J2: All the
Healthy
Galaxy J2: The House several times since it come out.
Galaxy J2: People that come over here. They want to shake my hand at time
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Galaxy J2: Again, my mom you know and don't
Galaxy J2: Leave if they
Galaxy J2: They eat off of eating chicken and some of them were taking chicken today.
Galaxy J2: But I told go wash your hands before you get it.
You know,
Galaxy J2: And my
Galaxy J2: Friend.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um, how do you get your prescription does somebody take you to go get it on
Galaxy J2: Your prescription
Galaxy J2: Who takes us, I think.
Galaxy J2: They know it gets delivered to me.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, that's good.
Galaxy J2: Oh my prescriptions come right to my door.
Magalie Marcellus: So you
Galaxy J2: Have to leave, very much.
Galaxy J2: Okay, all
Galaxy J2: Around here during close with
Galaxy J2: Last and just go little
Galaxy J2: And
Magalie Marcellus: Because I don't want people
Galaxy J2: They were
Magalie Marcellus: Mad. Uh huh.
Galaxy J2: When I go out I should have a mask on.
Galaxy J2: Like
Galaxy J2: Three times
Magalie Marcellus: It's hard to get my unless some people are making their own mass or like a low carb.
Magalie Marcellus: Thing to cover your
Galaxy J2: shift around
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that that would work.
Oh,
Galaxy J2: And I seen on the news today where they were younger guy off the bus bias speak it was bad, because it was to get off because he didn't have a mass on
Galaxy J2: Okay, so. Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: I know
Galaxy J2: Great here.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, well, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: YEAH, SOMEONE'S
Galaxy J2: Got bad there.
Magalie Marcellus: It's
Galaxy J2: It's all good.
Magalie Marcellus: We got a lot of cases, because I'm in
Galaxy J2: Depth right
Magalie Marcellus: It is
Galaxy J2: That's right. It's Lauren double every day that was
Magalie Marcellus: In the south part of
Magalie Marcellus: It is in the south area.
Galaxy J2: And Miss Laura.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, hello. Hi there.
Magalie Marcellus: So that's why everybody's work.
Galaxy J2: For us.
Magalie Marcellus: I am in the south part of Florida. So everybody's required to wear masks, when you go out, or if you're
Galaxy J2: Doing my nephew live. He lives outside of my me
Galaxy J2: Up reveals
Magalie Marcellus: What
Galaxy J2: That's like no joy by there.
Galaxy J2: But
Magalie Marcellus: He says after hell is that nor for it. I know.
Galaxy J2: I built
Galaxy J2: The Dade County Hospital as a Seventh Day Adventist hospital outside of Jeffery hills. That's Western
Galaxy J2: Tampa. I went
Galaxy J2: There with my first wife.
Galaxy J2: And I had a four year old and a six year old at a time and
Galaxy J2: Apply story hospital and my wife's father was a poor man on job.
Galaxy J2: So I worked for a steel workers carpenters cement.
Galaxy J2: whores. The
Galaxy J2: I mean for everybody. And as we got hospital five stories up
Galaxy J2: They build it on a sinkhole
Galaxy J2: And it
Was
Galaxy J2: Yeah, they had trucks lined up with concrete trying to fill that hole and
Galaxy J2: I mean, wow.
Galaxy J2: 200 trucks. A day pump and concrete in there. But yeah, go ahead, worn down
Galaxy J2: I say it was a male
Galaxy J2: Oh, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: It was brand new, and so we sat
Galaxy J2: Down.
Galaxy J2: We had five stores.
Magalie Marcellus: Foundation wasn't good.
Galaxy J2: Yeah, seemed like they
Galaxy J2: were locked into a better
Galaxy J2: That was
Galaxy J2: And down there. My wife was working at night at a hospital.
Galaxy J2: Christian hospital a Seventh Day Adventist hospital.
Galaxy J2: And boy, I'm telling you everything anyway, the guy that saying our church, the
Galaxy J2: Free on
Galaxy J2: The work Niger to
Galaxy J2: He was married. Well, they got caught doing a wild thing and they got both fired
Galaxy J2: And I had seen a hickey on her neck like a month before that she had her hair raging that down on cyber neck and I
Galaxy J2: I work days and
Galaxy J2: Give her a kiss goodbye. And I just wanted to see that detail go around her neck as I through it.
Galaxy J2: She had narrowed down to her.
Galaxy J2: But almost Emma's bridge braided
Galaxy J2: As I look around. I seen that
Galaxy J2: Neck well that cause a lot I end up trying to get my kids back
Galaxy J2: home with me. They were 46 they were my life but my mother started watching. And I started trucking again from my dad on pay
Mm hmm.
Galaxy J2: On
Galaxy J2: And almost last year.
Magalie Marcellus: So you say away so your mom was taking care of the kids when you were going out and
Galaxy J2: Guy was
Magalie Marcellus: Driving but yeah
Galaxy J2: Sorry, I had to bring the kids back home in Florida. Sure.
Galaxy J2: Ok and move, Joe.
Galaxy J2: There is Father's beach house because he had money. It's just so
Galaxy J2: Jacksonville Santo it
Magalie Marcellus: Says the preacher's son.
Galaxy J2: Went there.
Galaxy J2: I went there and I want to pick my kids up
Galaxy J2: For Christmas I dropped him off around
Galaxy J2: Older search tool that ball.
Galaxy J2: Are coming back with Christmas.
Galaxy J2: I was going back and forth. There are a whole lot of Christmas tree down there. Just before Christmas.
Galaxy J2: To Southern Miami drop down, pick the kids up we stayed in a motel.
Galaxy J2: For a few days. We've got a brief for a week because I I drill the owners grandkids around and some I
Galaxy J2: He didn't charge me for that whole week because I was his kids flavor of my kids. And we had a cookout together. And I actually got another free week of ever go back the vagrant beach, but the kids told my wife.
Galaxy J2: Daddy's gonna take us far away.
Galaxy J2: I was, it wasn't there is one
Galaxy J2: Carnival votes, you know, the cruise boats out in the water.
Galaxy J2: In the port of St.
Galaxy J2: St. Augustine.
Galaxy J2: Jolyon Jacob.
Galaxy J2: Let's get on that boat.
Galaxy J2: And go and move live on islands and
Galaxy J2: would just go check out the whole world. And when they got home, they had a story all messed up and dad thought I was going to take them.
Galaxy J2: In all that
Galaxy J2: She left
Galaxy J2: Four and a half years.
Galaxy J2: She loved me or my half years.
Galaxy J2: Why I bought Christmas presents over a year. I kept trying to find them.
Galaxy J2: And
Galaxy J2: 27 phone calls.
Galaxy J2: And try to get all their relatives, and she found them.
Galaxy J2: in Marietta, Ohio.
Galaxy J2: And I took off.
Galaxy J2: I guess four years in the trunk and backseat. I get their name moved out that day.
Galaxy J2: And it took me another year to find them again they lived in Virginia.
Galaxy J2: And
Galaxy J2: You know, when she come to the house. My mom was in the hospital on her deathbed, she's more she's see them kids before she died. Now we gone and yeah Bolden a driveway with her new husband that singer, the
Galaxy J2: Sun
Galaxy J2: Never
Galaxy J2: Happened. She gets out like nothing ever happened.
Galaxy J2: Hey, can I take
Galaxy J2: Her eyes. When can I take him down and show them the fish ponds and the farms.
Galaxy J2: I looked at her and I was upset or and a half years. Like, I'm fine. I'm good.
Galaxy J2: To go. I don't care if you don't come back. Anyway, we had a wonderful Memorial are known as motors, a week.
Weekend.
Galaxy J2: Fireworks and took out and out in the boat and we just, I kept him for months because it was summer vacation. And then, you know, I end up meeting a girl.
Galaxy J2: And my dad's bar. I went on was in one night his age 16 years
Galaxy J2: And she has she was pregnant with my son who got killed when he was 26 I had a baby with her and stay with her 16 years and
Galaxy J2: Then I
Galaxy J2: Say that without a woman, all the way up till this was 96 till I met Renee in 2000 and then in 2004 when Robin talk with me than three months.
Galaxy J2: I have to say it happened once we got back to my place and he's a Dave. You're sleeping in the bed tonight. I was sleeping on a photo cow that are out of bed.
Galaxy J2: Is a queen size, and we both just goes jar I gotten Bezos just
Galaxy J2: Robbing just funny room for both of us in here. We've become best friends. She said, I would live with you in a cardboard box by had to. And right now, she's in a cardboard box or ashes. I have not got an urn form yet.
Galaxy J2: And it was funny, I was
Galaxy J2: The other night I had her next to me and I had a candle gone. I had a picture of her of me and her
Galaxy J2: And I thought to myself, Well hello, Robin. You got your cardboard box.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Galaxy J2: Me forever, even if we had to live in a cardboard box here driver and me.
Galaxy J2: See it. Can you see it.
Magalie Marcellus: As hard to say that although on the phone. Yeah. I said, it's very
Magalie Marcellus: blurry but you look like a nice break
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's good. That's a nice picture of you guys.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so you keep that around.
Galaxy J2: like nah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well me. You look a lot different.
Magalie Marcellus: That's a nice picture.
Galaxy J2: Yeah, I lost my hair lost my hair and I gained 30 pounds.
Galaxy J2: Setting here on this.
Magalie Marcellus: Why could cuz he have that physical strength so you can
Move as much as
Galaxy J2: A team member, I suppose, Scalia.
Magalie Marcellus: And I
Galaxy J2: I talked to, like, the 60s.
Galaxy J2: And, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: That was
Magalie Marcellus: That was in February.
Magalie Marcellus: I think
Galaxy J2: That was that long ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, it looks like the last
Galaxy J2: Words.
And February.
Galaxy J2: 6
Galaxy J2: Chakra. You want me to
Galaxy J2: Call you that HP
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, we were supposed to meet on the
Magalie Marcellus: Same through might have need, but yeah, something happened. I don't remember meeting.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I
Galaxy J2: Don't know where Mark
But
Galaxy J2: My boss you every two weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm right now I'm because I do have quite a few patients that I mean I have to meet so I'm keeping for you probably do once a month, unless there's something going on that we need to meet my
Galaxy J2: Fine with me. If you're busy.
Galaxy J2: There's other things I want to talk to you about that right now.
Galaxy J2: Most of my family's here. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So what time I
Magalie Marcellus: Can
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so it was six. I have depending on a day could be six seven or eight. So do you prefer six o'clock or
Magalie Marcellus: Seven o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: Is an option for you.
And what day get up.
Magalie Marcellus: At
Galaxy J2: Seven, eight o'clock is fine with me.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, let me take
Magalie Marcellus: Most, most of my
Galaxy J2: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Um, I can schedule your part. And let's see today is the
Magalie Marcellus: Day is a six. The 15th. I found, as Mr. Not one. Okay, so I can let me take a look. Because I can do the 29th me make sure I don't double book and see what I have
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so in the meantime you trying to get all your appointments, hopefully.
Galaxy J2: Getting going, everything's we open
Galaxy J2: No, no, that noises texted me
Magalie Marcellus: My new phone bill.
Galaxy J2: I got a new
Galaxy J2: One, the zoom got messing up if you want this. Now, number
Galaxy J2: Do you see it.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll take it. No, it doesn't.
Come up with a fine.
Magalie Marcellus: If you say call 141 997-573-7737. Okay, got it. Alright, so I'm looking
At
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Galaxy J2: I ran over so loud, I'm sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: That's okay, I can do.
Magalie Marcellus: I can do a six o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: On the 29th, do you want to do it.
Galaxy J2: On the ninth of April.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. It's a one.
O'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
But 6pm
Galaxy J2: I will call you then.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Galaxy J2: You have a good week.
Galaxy J2: And I hope we all stay alive.
Magalie Marcellus: Stay safe and if
Magalie Marcellus: You have a good night. Mr. David, take care of yourself.
Galaxy J2: You want to talk to when so much more going on.
Galaxy J2: Here, I'll just
Walk.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so
Magalie Marcellus: All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, no.
Magalie Marcellus: check in on the 29th. Take care.
Okay.
Galaxy J2: My sellers.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, that's my last name.
Galaxy J2: I'm trying to leave, but I don't see the button.
Magalie Marcellus: That is Shadow know isn't the phone. It's supposed time a little red thing that's a no.
Galaxy J2: No.
Galaxy J2: I got it.
Galaxy J2: Okay okay MashAllah
Magalie Marcellus: Bye. Good night.
Bye bye.